# **International Journal of Psychosocial Rehabilitation**(journal)
## Paper-1: Predicting Academic Performance in students by an Analytical study on Big Data Machine Learning Techniques 
> **__ABSTRACT__**: Education is the key for solving majority of world problems. It is important that the education imparted is assimilated by every student who aspires to learn. Classifying slow learners in the early stages so that necessary help can be given to improve their performance is one of the crucial responsibilities for educational institutions. Technology plays an important role in aiding in the process of classifying students. Various techniques have been developed to predict the performance of students accurately for addressing their learning needs and styles. In the present paper, a bird’s eye view of the data mining and machine learning techniques used for predicting student performance is presented. 

## Paper-2: Supporting Individuals with Autistic Spectrum Disorder with Various Technologies: A Review 
> __ABSTRACT__: Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) is a complex disorder that has become quite common in the recent years. Various researches have shed light on the importance of disorder’s early detection and a much needed support children with ASD needs. The study assesses technologies as support tools for individuals with Autistic Spectrum Disorder. Real life situations often create anxiety and panic attacks in individuals with ASD as the disorder prevents them from acting and reacting normally. Technologies help create controlled environments, acting as an intervention to support people with ASD in therapies. The paper is divided into the types of technologies developed as support tools: mixed reality applications, dedicated applications and robots. Each is further classified by the difficulties that are cantered on namely communication and interaction skills, social learning and imitation skills and other conditions. Most of the studies show that technology is a useful tool in supporting people with ASD. However, understanding that autism is a spectrum disorder and symptoms vary from one individual to another is essential and the need for personalized support tools as opposed to generalized tools is necessary. In the above mentioned way, there is an opportunity for such children to express themselves
